Add tiktok expands data collection in europe the united kingdom and switzerland memo (#477)
ambanum/OpenTermsArchive.org: content/memos/tiktok-expands-data-collection-in-europe-the-united-kingdom-and-switzerland/index.md

---
html_description: TikTok expanded its data collection practices in Europe, the UK, and Switzerland. The updated privacy policy now allows precise location tracking, data collection from in-app browser interactions, extended account information gathering, and explicit scanning of direct messages. These changes occur as TikTok faces increased scrutiny as a VLOP from the European Commission regarding excessive data collection.
title: TikTok expands data collection in Europe, the United Kingdom and Switzerland
service: TikTok
terms_types: ["Privacy Policy"]
dates: ["2025-10-30"]
author: tam kien duong
related_collections: ["vlopses-gb"]
---

> TikTok has [introduced](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/vlopses-gb-versions/commit/68d0988a48b7fb7e95e8fc4763533ade9debd2e8) several modifications to the extent of its data collection practices in Europe, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland. The document announces that, starting on 30 November 2025, the service will now gather "precise location information from devices," whereas previous versions only allow for using "approximate location." The new policy also allows data collection from "interactions with websites within the in-app browser." In addition, TikTok will no longer restrict itself to collecting data from "activity on and off the Platform," extending data collection to "information associated with (...) user account[s\]." Lastly, TikTok will explicitly scan direct messages for safety and protection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TikTok has [announced](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/vlopses-gb-versions/commit/68d0988a48b7fb7e95e8fc4763533ade9debd2e8) several modifications to the extent of its data collection practices in Europe, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland. The document specifies that, starting on 30 November 2025, the service will now gather "precise location information from devices," whereas previous versions only allow for using "approximate location." The new policy also allows data collection from "interactions with websites within the in-app browser." In addition, TikTok will no longer restrict itself to collecting data from "activity on and off the Platform," extending data collection to "information associated with (...) user account[s\]." Lastly, TikTok will explicitly scan direct messages for safety and protection.
```
